Speaking of show and hide, vuejs indeed also has an option to v-if. V-if as mentioned before completely
attaches or detaches an element to the dom,
so it removes it or it adds it, it doesn't hide it.
Well if you want to hide it, might be that you do want to hide it,
you can do this by using v-show instead.
It has the same syntax as v-if besides the name,
so v-show instead of v-if
works fine but it allows us to now switch this, remove it
and now if we inspect this do you also see me text which has v-show attached, watch this element here
on the right,
here, do you also see me? If I hit switch,
it's still there
but it got this new style, display none.
That's the key difference,
it's not detached,
it's still there, it's just not displayed anymore
through css. This might also be the behavior we want,
maybe you don't want to detach the element,
maybe for some reason you want to keep it around in your dom
and then this would be the way to do it.
If you are sure you don't want to detach it, use v-show to only hide it and not remove it entirely
from the dom.
The default though will be to use v-if as it is also better performance-wise to have less elements in the
dom,
it makes sense removing not required elements. But if you have the special case that you absolutely need it,
use v-show.